Project: Bike Share
Group Member Names: Lee Chow Timo Tyrrell
Project Expectations: What does each group member hope to get out of this project?
More solid foundation of restful conventions, MVC implementation, understanding links between a large file structure and system, SQL and ActiveRecord connection and how to use that to our advantage. 
Goals and expectations: Finish project and have a solid understanding of Sinatra so that we can be more comfortable in Rails. Check for understanding in all components. Pairing with upper mods and mentors as resources. Use TDD
Team strengths: 
Efficient workers. Ruby logic. We already get along and have talked outside of class.
How to overcome obstacles: Take breaks around every hour. Reach out to upper mods for help (not Miguel). Clear communication. Whiteboarding logic and ideas.
Schedule Expectations (When are we available to work together and individually?): Timo: Thursday afternoon. Lee: Friday Evening and possibly Saturday Evening. Check-in around lunch each weekday. Set weekend schedule the day before. Turing works for both. 
Communication Expectations (How and often will we communicate? How do we keep lines of communication open?): Timo: unavailable 11-7 Lee: unavailable 11 or 12 - 7. Slack main communication. Call anytime - Timo 
Abilities Expectations (Technical strengths and areas for desired improvement): Timo improvement: CSS, HTML, ERB, Routing 
Lee improvement: TDD, CSS/HTML, Restful conventions
Workload Expectations (What features do we each want to work on?): All
Workflow Expectations (Git workflow/Tools/Code Review/Reviewing Pull Requests): 
Switch Driver navigator often. 
Pull Request instructors. Timo will clone and add collaborators. Pushing often, merging branches as functionality completed.
Expectations for giving and receiving feedback: Timo prefer direct and early feedback with regards to work-flow/expectations. Lee: Generally quiet but can work around style and flexible. Prefers direct and constructive feedback. 
Agenda to discuss project launch:
Ideas: Going through all of it to understand where it’s heading 
Tools: Whiteboard, TDD, SQL Schema, Waffle.io 
Additional Notes:

